feat: Migrate final gamut-system docs + functions to variance [WEB-1413] (#1783)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Foundations/System/Variants.stories.mdx

**Usage**

```tsx
import { css } from '@codecademy/gamut-styles';

const CoolStuff = styled.a(
  css({
    margin: [16, 24],
  })
);
```

## `variant`

Built on top of `css` that accepts a number of mutually exclusive states a component can be in. Options include:

- `prop`: The prop key that variants should be. Defaults to `variant`.
- `defaultVariant`: The default variant that will be used if none is specified.
- `base`: A system CSS object that is shared (and overrided) by all variants. This will not be applied if no variant / default variant has been specified.
- `variants` (required): A map of keys to each possible state.
  - `key`: The name of the variant to be a possible option of the prop.
  - `value`: The system CSS Object to be applied if the variant has been selected.

**Usage**

```tsx
import { variant } from '@codecademy/gamut-styles';

const Anchor = styled.a(
  variant({
    defaultVariant: 'interface',
    variants: {
      interface: {
        color: 'text',
      },
      inline: {
        color: 'primary',
      },
    },
  })
);
```

## Property Passthrough

> In addition to system props, both of these functions permit configurations with any valid CSS property that has not been overriden. These properties are typed to their CSSType defaults and will not accept values with the responsive syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to system props, both of these functions permit configurations with any valid CSS property that has not been overridden. These properties are typed to their [CSSType](https://github.com/frenic/csstype#csstype) defaults and will not accept values with the responsive syntax.
```

just for context i think
